
# DICOM De-Identification Profile Definition

## De-Identification

### Applicable IODs

The following image types (IODs) will be present in the set of DICOMs instances that will be de-identified.

|          |                 |   |
|----------|-----------------|---|
| :black_square_button: MR Image  | :black_square_button: Enhanced MR Image | :black_square_button: CR Image |
| :black_square_button: CT Image  | :black_square_button: Enhanced CT Image | :black_square_button: VL Microscopic Image |
| :black_square_button: 12-lead ECG Waveform | :black_square_button: General ECG Waveform |   |
| :black_square_button: Ultrasound Image * | :black_square_button: Secondary Capture Image * | :black_square_button: VL Photographic Image * |
| :black_square_button: Other _________________________ | :black_square_button: Other _________________________ | :black_square_button: Other _________________________ |

Note that image types marked with an * often contain burned-in Personally Identifiable Information (PII). If one of these images types will be present, please specify how PII will be handled:

:black_square_button: I confirm that there is no burned-in PII in the instances.

:black_square_button: Burned-in PII is to be removed as specified in the attached PII Cleaning Form.

## Data Retention Options

By default de-identification is done following an extremely conservative approach that in many cases removes data necessary in the context of specific research goal. Bellow are options to retain specific data.

### Retain Descriptors

Retain the following attributes.

|                      |                 |   |
|----------------------|-----------------|---|
| :black_square_button: Study Description | :black_square_button: Series Description | :black_square_button:  Derivation Description |

:black_square_button: I confirm that there is no PII in the retained description attributes.

:black_square_button: PII in the description attributes is to be removed as specified in the attached PII Cleaning Form.

### Retain References

:black_square_button: Retain references to related objects.

### Retain Longitudinal Temporal Information

:black_square_button: Retain times.

- :black_square_button: Retain all times.
- :black_square_button: Retain PET times.
- :black_square_button: Retain other times:
  - -_________________________
  - -_________________________
- :black_square_button: Retain dates.
  - - :black_square_button: Randomly shift dates over: ___ / 24 months

### Retain Patient Characteristics

|   |                      |                 |
|---|------------------|-----------------|
| :black_square_button: Patient's Age | :black_square_button: Patient's Sex | :black_square_button: Patient's Weight |
| :black_square_button: Patient's Size (Height) | :black_square_button: Other _________________________ |

### Retain Device Identity

:black_square_button: Retain imaging hardware identifiers.

### Retain Institution Identity

:black_square_button: Retain identifiers regarding to the institution that acquired the data.
### Retain Other 

:black_square_button: Retain the following attributes:

- -_________________________
- -_________________________
- -_________________________

# Pseudonymisation

Pseudonyms will be generated by:

- :black_square_button: *CHUV pseudonym service*.
- :black_square_button: Mainzelliste.
- :black_square_button: Cryptographic hash function.
- :black_square_button: Sequential IDs.
- :black_square_button: Other, as described in the attached documentation.

During de-identification, pseudonyms will be obtained using:

- :black_square_button: Pseudonym lookup server (Mainzelliste, ..., etc).
- :black_square_button: Manual entry.

# Relinking

In the event an original patient needs to be identified, relinking, with ethics commitee approval, will be performed using:

- :black_square_button: *CHUV pseudonym service*.
- :black_square_button: Mainzelliste
- :black_square_button: Relinking will not be possible.
- :black_square_button: Other means as described in attached documentation.

# Relinkage Data Localization

:black_square_button:  The only system or document (physical or electronic) that stores or contains information that could allow relinking patient records is:

- :black_square_button: *CHUV pseudonym server*.
- :black_square_button: Mainzelliste server and its backups.
- :black_square_button: Other location: _________________________

:black_square_button: Multiple locations as described in the attached data security statement.

:black_square_button: No data permitting relinkage will be stored.
